[Father Pucchi]
The bone of my dear friend.
The Great Dio.
[Pale Snake]
What the hell is this?
The bone! Huh!
Where did it go?
I'm asking you where his bone
went! You'd best answer me!
[groans in pain]
[Sports Maximum]
I can feel the bone's presence
at the Maximum Security
Disciplinary Wing,
right as we speak.
What? Did Jolyne make it
so she can go to
the Discipline Cell
just to find that same bone
belonging to Dio?
Yeah,
but it's way too reckless!
If I get my hands on it first,
that creepy Pale Snake
will soon follow.
Also, there's my father's
stolen memory disc
that the bastard's
still holding onto.
[pants]
[grunts]
Where is that little guy?
I have to find him.
He's the one
who's got the bone.
Now, where would he
be hiding?
Before someone beats me there
and knocks him off,
and I lose the bone forever.
-No, I have to get it
at all costs.
[grunts]
[gasps]
[groans]
Wait! What the...?
No! Please tell me
the shit didn't already happen.
Please!
The battle is already over.
They're all disfigured
and bloated.
Every last body in
the Discipline Cell is fucked.
It's a Stand power.
Holy shit! How many Stand Users
are in this place?
Were they the ones
who did this?
And what exactly did they do?
[Jolyne] But one User can have
only one Stand power.
The person that defeated
all the prisoners here
can only be
one of these two punks I see.
Obviously, they sent
a shit ton more Stand Users
to this ward
than I assumed before.
At the very least,
there's still a Stand User
that stimulates
the human conscious
and makes them
want to fight in here.
[grunts]
How can you stand
with that gaping wound?
Your Stand is intriguing,
my dear.
A Stand of string!
Who would've thought?
[gasps]
I also find it interesting
that your combat moves
are completely unpredictable.
Most interesting of all,
however,
is your dogged determination.
It's obvious
you've been gravely wounded,
but I can tell you've already
grown much
from that brutal fight
just now.
When Pale Snake told me
that he sent
four Stand Users here,
including me,
I was taken aback because
I'm sure you can imagine.
Well, I thought "Are that many
necessary to accomplish this?"
But now, the reason why
is totally obvious.
If he wants to eliminate you
for good,
which he clearly does.
By the way, I am Kenzou,
a spritely 78 years old.
The key to good health
is eight hours of deep sleep,
and of course, urine therapy
every day without fail.
It's important
to maintain good habits.
Are you familiar with it?
Urine therapy!
[laughs]
[Jolyne] If you wanna play,
I'll gladly take you on.
-[camera shutter clicks]
-I can do an American style.
Or how about French style?
Japanese-style work?
And of course
Italian Naples style.
All around the world, there's
a finger that says "Fuck you."
["STONE OCEAN"
by ichigo playing]
I'll get straight
to the point, dear.
All the dead you see didn't
just die, they were drowned.
I drowned them, that's why
their bodies are bloated
and look like giant human ticks
about to explode.
[gasps softly]
And regrettably, it seems
my first opponent is not you,
or it is not yet.
[gasps]
[chuckles]
F.F.! You're here!
[both gasp]
Damn! They caught me moving
in the shadows
of the bloated bodies?
I thought I had him.
So much for
my grand coup the main.
Oh, and how convenient.
A corpse somehow
blocked my F.F. bullets.
[sinister laughter]
Yes, it was close, indeed.
Wait a sec!
How did you get here, F.F.?
Don't worry about it!
But, damn! I got to say it was
a pretty close call, Jolyne.
And before you lose
any more blood,
you gotta fill those wounds.
-[Kenzou] Hm?
-[gasps]
[footsteps]
[Jolyne]
That guy... Do I know him?
Oh, yeah! I remember now.
I think I saw him with Weather
Forecast at Emporio's place.
But I have some
unfinished business, first.
I'm gonna take this creepy
old geezer out,
and I'm gonna like it.
-Hmm.
-[dings]
[gasps]
Direction facing southeast,
127 degrees,
30 minutes, 20 seconds.
[Kenzou] Sweat...
It's dripping down.
Are you going
to open your mouth?
[both gasp]
Or would you prefer to drown?
Is that it?
What do you mean "drown"?
I don't know
what stupid plan you've got,
but actually, water is my jam.
If you think you can...
[groans]
For a trained person to drown
under these circumstances,
it usually takes anywhere
between five to seven minutes.
But only if they draw breath
deep enough to leave oxygen
in the lungs,
that's what buys them
that precious time.
-If all the oxygen...
-[muffled drowning]
...in both lungs were exhaled,
that would have
a far less enjoyable outcome.
You see,
with only a few drops of water,
a human will just drown
and then die instantly.
Siphoned directly
from your filthy mouth,
I damaged your fourth
cervical spine vertebrae.
There's a large nerve that
connects right to your kidney!
When one is under duress,
the adrenal gland
secretes bodily fluid
into the respiratory mucosa
like a lubricant.
So these few drops of water
should evoke a feeling
of being suffocated
by a giant wave. Huh, lovely!
[F.F.] Oh my god!
I can't breathe.
I'm inside
a normal human's body.
Atroe, I'm losing!
This is bad,
my body can't take it!
[Kenzou laughs]
F.F.! No!
[grunts]
[choking]
Do you want to drown, too?
I'm glad to help out.
[laughs]
-Jolyne Cujoh!
-[grunts]
[rumbling]
Huh?
[gun shots]
[grunts]
Hiyah!
What are you?
Identify yourself.
Are you a human?
[coughs, breathes heavily]
[Anastasia] Don't get up.
It's safer and wiser
to observe them from here.
What kind of Stand User
is that old geezer, anyway?
We should be evaluating
his strengths right now.
Wouldn't you say?
The main problem here, you see,
is not the old man's ability
to drown other people,
but the fact that
he dodged bullets.
Perhaps it's trite,
but why aren't any of those
well-aimed shots hitting him?
That's a far more
dangerous detail.
Why'd you come here?
And what was your name again?
Anastasia or...
something prissy?
Because I love you,
and I've been dying
to see your face again.
Ugh!
Hah? What did you just say?
That old man has been
locked up here a while.
He's served 40 years
at this prison.
He's a lunatic who enjoys
drinking his own piss.
It had been ages since I'd
seen him in the men's ward.
It turned out
he was here all along.
And now this decaying
freakshow is a Stand User.
In the fall of 1969,
he killed 34 young men
and women.
He was sentenced to
280 years in prison,
equivalent of
several lifetimes.
That grinning gray carcass
was only 37 back then.
[Anastasia] He claimed to be
the guru of a secret cult.
And he was so successful
that he even had
Hollywood stars in his
bizarre little fringe group.
But their activities
led to issues
between his rabid followers
and outside society,
so the police and FBI
started to get involved.
He knew he was fully cornered,
so he and 34 of his followers
holed up in a Florida villa,
and planned out a mass suicide.
But it wasn't
quite that simple.
Kenzou drugged his followers
so they would pass out,
then he set
the building on fire.
You see, all the believers
burnt to death,
except for one sole survivor
who just happened to be
the cult leader.
[Anastasia]
It was just dumb luck, really.
Strangely, it seems the wall
of the building nearest him
collapsed in such a way
that partly shielded him
from the smoke and flames.
There is no doubt, though,
that he was indeed
willing to die,
since he was near death
when they found him.
What's my point
in telling you all this?
I'm sorry.
I've digressed a bit.
But the fact is
only he survived.
He'll never get released
from prison,
but he wasn't sentenced
to death, either.
This is the reality behind him.
[exhales softly]
[breathes heavily]
I've never seen you before
and I don't know who you are.
But I can see
your point of strength
as though you're made of glass,
the secret of the power
that lies within you.
It's patently clear
that what flows
what flows through
every artery in your body
is very much
something other than blood.
Am I seeing the source
of your Stand in action?
Or is it
a different organism entirely?
Either way, it will not affect
how I'm gonna finish you off.
In terms of vital points
and body composition,
you're essentially no different
than a normal human being.
In the end, you will
shed blood, just the same.
I assume by your stance,
you're ready to drown
once again.
Just be aware,
you won't survive this time.
[gasps]
West-southwest,
225 degrees, 0 minutes.
[F.F.] Yeah, there it is.
He put something
on his hands again.
What the hell is that?
And what's with
that weird slinky crab walk?
-[grunts]
-Hmm.
Oh, how utterly fascinating.
It seems
your dragon's direction is...
[breathes shortly]
[gasps]
[grunts]
Hey, F.F.,
he's right behind you!
No! Don't attack me!
You're just wasting
your time, truly!
[all gasp]
No! Don't attack me!
You're just wasting
your time, truly!
[grunts]
I'm telling you, your real
enemy is that insane old man,
so stop shooting at me.
Don't you get it yet?
I'm impervious. An illusion.
Your attacks
will only pass through me.
Eyes forward!
Danger approaches.
He's coming right at you!
I have no right to interfere.
It's only that old man.
He's your enemy. Destroy him!
[F.F.] What... What is this?
The reason that
old sack of shit
can dodge bullets
is because of him?
Here he comes.
-[gasps]
-Hiyah!
-[yells]
-[Kenzou] Hey-hey-hey!
This guy is 78?
How does the walking dead
kick and punch so fast?
To quote a phrase,
I can now enter the dragon.
Hiyah!
[laughs]
[all gasp]
[Jolyne] What is he?
He tore his own arm off,
but... why would he?
No way!
Now, his arm is flying
right to the back
of F.F.'s head.
[F.F.] Ugh!
[grunts]
Shit! That was close.
But still, F.F. blocked it.
That was so badass!
I noticed as soon as Kenzou
touched that dragon Stand,
his arm disappeared
at that same moment.
A smoked screen so we
won't see his attack coming.
[F.F.] Oh, shit! What's that
dragon behind him now?
When you touch it,
does your other arm tear off?
It's just like the User,
the attack was weak.
No, F.F.!
This battle's result
is already decided.
But it's not like anyone can
actually predict
what happens, though.
Hiyah! And you, pipe down!
You talked too much.
Why would you
give away everything?
You're supposed to be neutral!
Remember that?
[Drake's Dream] You're
operating in bad faith, though.
You must share
your secret with her.
[suspenseful music playing]
[squeaking]
[gasps]
[grunts]
Oh, dear!
You opened your mouth.
-Hiyah!
-[F.F. grunts]
F.F.! Look out!
[Jolyne] There is no freaking
way that was a coincidence.
That inmate's glasses
flew straight at F.F.
and lodged themselves
in her face?
Unfortunate direction.
[sighs]
I'm starting to understand.
It's feng shui in action.
Huh?
It's geomancy
for the East Asians.
Watch Kenzou's movements
as if he's adjusting
to a certain direction.
Attacks coming from there, one
direction as if pre-determined,
and that Stand on his hand,
it just works.
The only conclusion to be drawn
is, with that dragon Stand,
Kenzou can perfectly control
the direction of his attacks.
Feng shui? What is that?
And what do you mean
by direction?
I'll explain.
It's as famous as astrology and
tarot card reading, maybe more,
but it's not fortune telling.
East Asian philosophy
highlights the idea
that there are natural paths
of energy in the natural world
such as the flow
of wind and water.
By knowing the direction
in which nature is flowing,
it helps people choose
similar paths for their lives.
[Anastasia] Here's an example.
Feng shui is used to determine
the good and bad areas
of the land, house, and room.
If the direction of
the land or house is bad,
it will affect
the resident's health,
fortune and even the whole
family's well-being negatively.
In times of war, it is said
that they checked
the feng shui of the castle
and thus, could determine
the most advantageous area
of the fortress
they could attack from
to bring down the enemy.
On the other hand,
if you build a shrine
in the weak zone of the castle,
it can calm the evil energy.
The castle will gain a
furthermore solidified defense.
And of course, this same theory
of feng shui
can also be applied
to human bodies.
There's even an attack
called feng shui assassination.
[gasps]
If you can control
the direction
from which to attack
your enemy,
you're almost guaranteed
a victory over them.
No matter how alert
and prepared the target is,
you'll be able to approach them
without being noticed,
leaving them
completely vulnerable,
and you can easily
assassinate them.
That means...
...unlucky direction.
[Anastasia] I think
we've now established
the secret of Kenzou's Stand.
The unlucky course
pointing straight toward F.F.
That dragon Stand is pointing
out the precise direction
for Kenzou to kill them
fast and easy.
And at some point very soon,
his attack will merge
with that floating dragon.
I'm afraid F.F.'s fate
has already been decided.
I can't believe Kenzou.
He's spent the last 40 years
in prison
mastering the feng shui
assassination,
and that skill developed
as his Stand power.
[Jolyne] Feng shui!
The direction to proceed!
-Then that means...
-[F.F. breathes]
...when he was on defense!
That would explain it.
That's why not one
of the bullets
hit the old man, either.
Unbelievable!
You're saying the feng shui
also protected him
as well as helped him
try to kill them?
Yes, I am.
[Anastasia] When he holds
that dragon Stand in his hands,
he reads which direction
is the best to take.
And while moving
in that direction,
he simultaneously
launches his attack.
The dragon is trying to show
the direct line to kill again.
F.F.! Wait!
Those glasses were
deliberately made
to shoot right into your face.
Hold the old man off.
Don't let him get too close
to that dragon.
[Jolyne] I know! It makes
no fucking sense to me, either.
But seriously,
whatever you do,
you can't allow him
to touch it.
Let's go! Nicely done,
Drake's Dream. Thank you!
They figured it out because
you had to go
and flap your scaly jaws.
[Drake's Dream]
Shut up, your rotting mummy.
I'm not your henchman
or your underling.
The art of feng shui belongs
to everyone, not just you.
But it's true that
you can utilize my power
to the fullest.
F.F.,
next unlucky spot is here!
Right above your left ear.
Feel it?
This direction has
the utmost critical
emergency alert ringing.
Your lucky color is yellow,
and your charm is
a picture of a goldfish,
if you have 'em.
Hey, look! He's going
around behind you, F.F.
-[grunts]
-Time for a knife hand strike.
I don't even need to touch
the dragon's direction for it.
The movement of
his defending arm
is also working as an attack.
Must be tai chi training.
[Jolyne gasps]
How's your mouth?
I've got you now!
[screams in pain]
[Drake's Dream] Wow! If your
defense works as an attack,
then the reverse applies, too.
Turnabout is fair play,
old man!
Hiyah! I've grown tired
of this, you bitch.
I guess now I need to utilize
the dragon's direction
to finish you off completely.
[groans]
I forced your arm to merge
with the dragon.
How do you like that?
Just so you know,
that's the same move
I employed in my attack before.
You're about to get beaten
senseless by your very own arm.
[screams in pain]
-[F.F. grunts]
-[both gasp]
Yes, that did just happen.
My Stand attack has merged
with the course of your death.
You asshole! What the hell
was that nightmare?
I lost my arm just then.
Are you responsible for that?
I told you there's an unlucky
direction. I'm very sorry!
That's caused by
the direction's certain power.
I have no way of knowing
what's gonna happen
in the next moment.
But if I were you,
young lady,
I would try my best to prevent
or minimize
the inevitable damage.
[suspenseful music playing]
[buzzing]
[bird chirping]
[gasps]
F.F.! Hurry up
and get out of there!
It's been destroyed
by the meteor.
The fan's gonna fall on you.
Actually, what you have to
worry about is not the fan.
It's the metal boomerang
heading towards you.
[gasps]
[clanking]
[gasps softly]
[laughs]
[Jolyne screams]
F.F.!
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]